Stop! Who are you?
I am Gao Qilan, chairperson of Gao's Group
I heard that the lady who missed it used our product.
There is a problem with the face.
So we made a special trip to heal
The house has already invited a name
I don't need you here.
Go away now
The prescription for the product is provided by me.
There is absolutely no problem with my prescription
Someone must have done something
This prescription was obviously written by me 3 years ago
Bought it at a low price
How did Xu Wenjie say it was his?
eloquent
Lying without blinking
Obviously there is a problem with your product.
But still making so many excuses
You're going to go to jail.
What's so noisy?
I wonder if madam is sick?
Missed them both
It's the culprit that made the lady sick
The two of them dared to say that they treated the lady's illness
I've already called a doctor.
Please come back
Because of the product.
I will definitely check it out.
If it's really illegal
Gao's Group is waiting to be seized
hand
Have you lost your appetite recently?
Can't sleep well at night